# Entry 2
##### 11/4/2024

### Context:
Hello there, welcome to my second blog on my topic about security and investigations! Previously, I've talked about why I chose the topic, what was the topic is about, and the impact of security and investigation in modern society. Now, in this next blog entry, I plan to go over the following; what kind of gadgets is involved in security and investigation? How does it help bring more beneficial in helping private investigators with their case? So, there are many types gadgets for private investigators in various situations. According to [**Some of the gadgets used by private investigators**](https://www.investigatesc.com/the-5-coolest-gadgets-and-gear-for-private-investigators/), the website talks about some of the significance in gadgets used in the field of security and investigators such as **GPS Tracking** that tracks activity allowing distance monitoring, and other gadgets like **Device Cloning** which allows investigators to copy a device in which private investigators can investigate activity through extracting data and information. Common gears like **Surveillance Cameras** help capture important footages that is beneficial for their investigations. This is important because with these tools and the knowledge that private investigators have using  google searches play a huge role for investigators to use their tools effectively even in the digital world, private investigators can reverse search important images leading to their suspects giving them sense of their background checks and other necessary documentaries. In addition, we learn that private investigators need to be skilled in using their gadgets and tools to help them investigate effectively. Based on [**Suggestions of free software app and more gadgets used by private investigators**](https://www.caseiq.com/resources/50-free-or-cheap-tools-for-investigators/), the website introduces different kinds of serveillance gadgets that aren't just cameras. For example, one gadget that caught my interest were **Reverse View Sunglasses** which are special sunglasses used to spy on suspects without having to be in close proximity. The reflection of the mirror in the sunglasses can spy someone from behind without having to directly look at someone. This is important since being able to spot suspect while you look at a different direction can reduce the likelyhood of being spotted. Making the suspect feel more secure of themselves allows the presence of mistakes to be caught in the eyes of a private investigator. In addition, a type of software app introduced in the website that caught my interest was **Nuance Winscribe Dictation** which is an app that can track your voice and writes for you. This is helpful to private investigators since you don't need to carry a notebook with you while you are focusing on the suspect. Ultimately, an effecient way of keeping yourself hidden, taking notes, and less chance of losing track of your suspect during a private investigation.

### Source:
Below are the sources I've included for this blog entry:
* [**Some of the gadgets used by private investigators**](https://www.investigatesc.com/the-5-coolest-gadgets-and-gear-for-private-investigators/)
* [**Suggestions of free software app and more gadgets used by private investigators**](https://www.caseiq.com/resources/50-free-or-cheap-tools-for-investigators/)

### The Engineering Process:
Now that i've identified the problem in my first blog entry. I'm on the 2nd step of the Engineering Design Process, **"researching about my topic"**, to which I brainstormed my ideas for security and investigations based on the technology used. In my research on the technologies relating to gadgets and tools that were used in the security and investigation industry. Some of the technology presented to private investigators involved monitoring suspects using GPS, cloning technology, and survelliance cameras, etc... But, overall most of the gadgets and tools have varying success to investigators depending on their situations based on what kind of job they are working as inside the security and investigation industry (**there's a website that talks about some of the jobs that are based in the security and investigation industry on my first blog entry**). In my next step of Engineering Design Process, I want to be able to brainstorm more ideas adding onto the ideas currently, and to later on analyze by incooperating different ideas onto my freedom project.

### Skills: 
The skills I've learned from doing research on my topic is being **resourceful by using multiple websites** instead of using just 1. Having more information on a topic is beneficial since using one website to gather information just increases the risk of the information provided later on inside my blog become too generic, whereas researching on multiple websites allows other ideas to come together and build up establishing connections and more understanding on the field of my topic.  

Another skill I've learn from making this blog is using **time effectively**. For instance, when my teacher provided us with time in class to research about the gadgets in my topic, I used the time proficiently to do research, so that I wouldn't fall back behind in class when I write my second blog entry. This is really benefical due to the collecting of ideas from the sources I researched beforehand, boosting my knowledge on my topic and ease my work significantly since I already have all the materials I need to start writing this blog entry.

[Previous](entry01.md) | [Next](entry03.md)

[Home](../README.md)
