# Entry 7
##### 6/5/2025

# Content:

Hello, welcome to Blog Entry 7, where I'll be discussing how I had to present my freedom project to several students in our school that visited the SEP expo, while also having to create an elevator pitch that gave a short and brief presentation of how we were going to present our projects in front of actual judges. Although, the elevator pitch was supposed to be short and explain most of the details that we have on the website, much of the presentation during the expo tests on presentation skills, the creativity of our project, eye contact, and other significant key components that is being scored on. During the expo, the challenges that I mostly had was public speaking skills, even though we made an elevator pitch, I was still stressed at presenting these information with the mindset of my presentation being too short or even too long. Hence, I struggled on managing my time effectively especially when the judges came to my table to hear about my presentation, I didn't know if the information I presented would be too brief and so I might have added a few challenges to accomodate the duration of the elevator pitch, which was probably why I thought personally that my presentation was too long. During my presentation, I was able to present much of the information based on my elevator pitch, I still felt like the one minute put me on a lot of pressure. For example, I wanted to show the judges about a lot of things on my website, but since we had to condense the information under a certain given time, it was very difficult to figure out if I should discuss more information beyond the planning of my elevator pitch. Also, since public speaking is something that makes me nervous when answering to the judges, I definitely stuttered a lot compared to the practice presentation in front of my class before the actual expo began. I added challenges from my [presentation slide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1XleHHcOvsN7VwU0hxrm_7MsHXu9Ql5lckj_aXe_ekVU/edit?usp=sharing), but in the end that only made my presentation longer. In conclusion, I learned that presentations are something that I want to dedicate more time in practicing. Next time, I also want to make sure I condense my information rather than worrying about the length of my presentation. Since, the elevator pitch lasted only a minute, I want to make sure I'm able to stick with what I wrote on the plan rather than adding more information which probably made my presentation really long making it worse than better. 

# EDP: 

I finished **step 6: "Test and evaluate"** when I finished fixing my website based on the feedbacks of my peers. Then, I presented my freedom project website to my class and to the actual SEP expo judges, I was able to get a lot of takeaways on how I should improve. So, currently, I am on **step 7 of the engineering design process**, which is to **"improve"**, I want to improve in communication which then I can present the information of my freedom project website more effectively and recieve as much feedbacks as possible. Hence, I am able to work on improving my public speaking skills and improving my website while being able to present effectively to others and adding more necessary changes to my actual prototype. 

# Skills: 
* **Communication:** I learned more on how to work on presentation and that comes from working with communications. Most of coordinating communication with the judges helped me step out of my comfort zone in communicating with new people that want to hear about my presentation. I think in order for me to improve further in communication, I can improve communication by talking to more people besides my friends, like my classmates, which this way I can effectively work in better improving public speaking and also making sure that my voice can be heard as I get more comfortable with speaking to others.
* **Time management:** I learned that when presenting in the expo to the judges, I lacked time management and exceeded the length of my elevator pitch by adding in more challenges that I had making my freedom project website. I felt like the information that I presented was too much in detail and not too much in actually condensing the information under the one minute mark. Therefore, next time I want to make sure I stick with the plan of my presentation instead of adding onto it on the day of the expo, while definitely took a toll in time and not being able to just present the necessary information of my website.

# Next steps:

For the next steps, in step 7, I want to improve my skill in communication so that I could present my website more effectively to others and recieve more feedbacks. This way, I'm presenting necessary information about my project to others who are interested in my prototype which is my freedom project website. 



[Previous](entry06.md) | [Next](entry08.md)

[Home](../README.md)
