# Entry 3
##### 12/18/2024

# Future ideas for my topic (Security and Investigations):
Hello, Welcome to my Blog Entry 3! For this blog entry, I am investigating on potential future technologies that can be implemented in the mere future, so in the end I am planning to create a website with my topic and these technologies being illustrated for my interested audiences. But first, I need to explore projects from my peers to evaluate on the design of my website. Here are some ideas and suggestions I recieved from looking into other peer's freedom project designs. First, I looked into one of my peer's work on the idea of [Mental Health](https://kosall5220.github.io/sep10-freedom-project/), the idea of their website is very interesting. For example, I noticed that the website had the section of existing software and hardware. Additionally, my peer included a section of future preparation for other accessible software apps and new technological improvement such as detecting a person's mood swings, which is really cool considering the fact that some people might not realize a mood swing or know internally that there has been a change to their current emotions. This suggestion is like an improvement in understanding one's emotions and offer suggestions on how to calm someone down and develop healthier mental state. Secondly, I looked into another one of my peer's work on the idea of [Medical Field](https://fatjond0413.github.io/sep10-freedom-project/), I find their websites also intruiging since although their website is pretty basic. I can see that when I create my website, I could add in reasoning on my future technology section and add explanations on the current hardware apps. The website doesn't have much sections on software apps, so perhaps I could add in some software apps that can be used to help in my topic on the field of Security and Investigations. Therefore, after gathering all my planning for the design of my freedom project, I plan to... **explain current hardware and offer suggestions on software apps that are free to users. I would also explain on why I picked my properties for the future technology section, while also determining how it might be meaningful or impactful to my overall topic. Lastly, I would also like to add in the ideas on my future topic that might seem impossible currently, but become more accessible or developed in the future.**

# Sources:
[This is the link of the spreadsheets I used to view all my peer's work on their final freedom projects, feel free to explore other variants:](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/1A9c3MeOK8fK8ylRY06DXC-QLbdJjKKj4lvDp-UHlbHU/htmlview?pli=1#gid=0)

# Engineering Design Process:
I am on **Step 3: Brainstorming Possible Solutions of the Engineering Design Process**. So for step 3, I'm brainstorming ideas about my future topics. Resolving issues and making resolution by designing possible technologies that could advocate for a better change in the mere future. Although, these technologies are not available yet, as our technology advances we have more access to new technology that support human's quality of life. Ideas are infinite, anything is possible with imagination! This sections is also to evaluate on the extend of how I should design my freedom project, the layouts and potentially adding suggestions from the work of my peers to improve my overall planning for my designing website.

# Skills:
* A skill I learned is **creativity**, making this blog requried a lot of creativity! Especially because determining a design for future prototypes on a field isn't really easy, and since there have been exisiting technologies that have been created already, this makes it more difficult for us to pick and make up a technology that haven't been made yet. Therefore, this blog was more towards the creativity sign, where my ideas gather together to design a prototype that can be beneficial to my current topic.

* Another skill I learned when making this blog is **consideration**, since if I'm planning for technologies in the future, I need to be diving into a prototype that are suppose to innovate for my current topic, so I would need to share this blog to others to get constructive feedbacks, plus takng consideration on what private investigators might need and for us to create technologies that primarily focus on effective progress when investgators are engaging in their cases.

# Next steps:
After discussing about some possible ideas for security and investigation, I am ready to potentially create a design and layout for the set foundation of my freedom project website, with the idea of the 2 possible revolutionary technology that I brainstormed would be cool to have for investigators and even potentially replace some of our probably more considered outdated tools in the future. 


[Previous](entry02.md) | [Next](entry04.md)

[Home](../README.md)
